improved markdown (#38)
oktadev/id-assertion-authz-node-example: README.md

A proof-of-concept for the [Identity Assertion Authorization Grant](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-parecki-oauth-identity-assertion-authz-grant) flow, demonstrating secure token exchange between SSO-enabled applications using Node.js. For a visual overview, see the [explainer video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I0vdmg79Ga4).

![Test Flow](images/id_assertion_authz_grant_flow.gif)

# Table of Contents

- [Quickstart & Dev Setup](#quickstart--dev-setup)
- [Common Issues](#common-issues)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
- [Non-VSCode Alternative Option](#non-vscode-alternative-option)
- [Dev Tips](#dev-tips)
- [How to Integrate into an Existing Service](#how-to-integrate-into-an-existing-service)

# Quickstart & Dev Setup

**Requirements:**

- [Docker Desktop](https://www.docker.com/products/docker-desktop/)
- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [Dev Containers VSCode Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers)

## 1. Clone and Open in VS Code

```sh
git clone https://github.com/oktadev/id-assertion-authz-node-example.git
cd id-assertion-authz-node-example
```

> - Press `Cmd+Shift+P` → "Dev Containers: Open Folder in Container"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open VS Code Command Palette and run "Dev Containers: Open Folder in Container". To open Command Palette, select **View** → **Command Palette...**, MacOS keyboard shortcut `Cmd+Shift+P`, or Windows keyboard shortcut `Ctr+Shift+P`.
```
